<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>ACM Meeting Notes 09/30/2013</strong></p>
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
<div><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Mechmania</span></strong></div>
<div></div>
<ul>
	<li>Teams need to register for Mechmania by <strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Wednesday!</span></strong></li>
	<li>Cost will be <strong>$150</strong></li>
	<li>Karen will email the people who haven’t gotten back to us about Mechmania (Andrew Sailor, Cole K., Drew M., Mark S.  Alex H., Grant C.)</li>
	<li>Excusal Slips – Need full names of all the members going – Josh will find out who they are;</li>
	<li>Deadline for slips is Wednesday; if not signed up then -  they’re not going pretty much.</li>
	<li> Once the names are figured out we will email Slator.</li>
</ul>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">
</span></strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">R|P/Mechmania Hotel</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Booked 4 rooms (two double beds)</li>
	<li>Super 8</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Bowling Night</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>October 25<sup>th</sup></li>
	<li>Still planning this all out.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Car Situation</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Sam (5)</li>
	<li>Josh (4.5)</li>
	<li>Uy (5)</li>
	<li>Nate (8,?)</li>
</ul>
<div></div>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Master the Mainframe</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Karen will send out an e-mail to the members list informing them about it.</li>
	<li>TF – print MtM posters to advertise it?</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Corporate Talks</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Sam or Josh will send out an email to the other companies we haven’t contacted yet.</li>
	<li>NISC, Evolution 1, Microsoft (for second semester), Hitachi, EPIC, Digi-Key, Appareo</li>
	<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Need to do them soon; some companies are starting to wonder why we haven't contacted them yet.</span></li>
</ul>
<strong> </strong><strong> </strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Chairs</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Talk about maybe get new tables/chairs?</li>
	<li>Possibly contact Microsoft about helping us out with stuff we need</li>
	<li>Need to figure out what they are willing to pay; what we want, etc.</li>
	<li>5 tables , 14-16 chairs</li>
	<li><strong>Cesar</strong> will handle this stuff</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Ethernet Cables
</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>We need Ethernet cables!</li>
	<li>We can either buy the kit or ask Robert to provide us some?</li>
	<li>Connectors – Wei will buy them.</li>
	<li>Josh will get in contact with Rob.</li>
</ul>
<div></div>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Vending Machine Food Crisis</span><span style="text-decoration: underline;">
</span></strong><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">
</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Going to talk to Stephanie about it.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Halloween Party</span></strong><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">
</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Planning on doing this the day after Halloween (November 1<sup>st</sup>, since it’s a Friday)</li>
	<li>Costume contest! We will be giving out prizes!</li>
	<li>Need to get candy for the candy bowl; also-- other people can bring treats too.</li>
	<li>DDR/LAN Party/ etc.</li>
</ul>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Printing Funding</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Still waiting on reply</li>
	<li>TF will be working on this.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;
<div><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Digi-Key</span></strong></div>
<div>
<ul>
	<li> Having a meeting about it <strong>Friday @ 5:00 p.m.</strong></li>
	<li>Possibly confirmed vehicle for Digi-Key (?)</li>
</ul>
</div>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Extended EC</span></strong>
<div>
<ul>
	<li>Kyle and Cesar both need keys still.</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div></div>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Other News:</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>After the meeting we all talked to the people upstairs; Wall – other room adjacent to ACM lounge –  not going to happen basically.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

&nbsp;
<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>Next EC Meeting: October 7<sup>th</sup> 2013</strong></p>