<p align="center"><strong>ACM EC Meeting Notes 09/09/2013</strong></p>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Kickoff event</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Need to revamp the slides for the Kickoff Meeting
<ul>
	<li><strong>Josh will update the slides</strong></li>
	<li>Figured out SIGS at the meeting.

<strong></strong></li>
	<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pop/Pizza Situation</span>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Wei will get the pop for the Kickoff meeting</strong></li>
	<li>Planning for 50 people</li>
	<li>Ten 2 liters – one or two diets
<ul>
	<li>Mountain Dew’s (x3)</li>
	<li>Dr. Pepper</li>
	<li>Fanta</li>
	<li>Wei can figure out the rest of the pop.</li>
	<li>Brady called the pizza places</li>
	<li>Going to figure out more stuff tomorrow about where to get them.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Corporate Events</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>FAST – no response on room reserve; the event is on the 23<sup>rd </sup></li>
</ul>
<strong> </strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">SIG Situation</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>SIG- Comp – Sam</li>
	<li>SIG –GDEV – TF</li>
	<li>SIG-MOBI – Cesar/Sam</li>
	<li>SIG-SEC – Josh</li>
	<li>SIG-FIT – Nate</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;
<ul>
	<li>We will have people at the Kickoff write on a signup sheet for SIGs they are interested in and then send out an email asking about convenient days/times for meetings, etc.</li>
	<li>No kickoff for SIGS.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Mechmania/ UIUC</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Planning on mentioning this at the Kickoff (The date for it is October 10-13<sup>th </sup>)</li>
	<li>Need to find out more about transportation, estimate costs, etc.</li>
	<li><strong>Sam will ask about getting state vehicles.</strong></li>
	<li>We believe it’s $20 for Mechmania (per person)</li>
	<li>Send an email out next week to those who signed up.</li>
	<li><strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Next Tuesday @ 4 pm we will have an information for UIUC</span></strong></li>
	<li>Need to talk to UIUC ACM to let them know were coming  <strong>- Sam</strong></li>
	<li>Need to  talk to CS department about funding for the event <strong>- Sam</strong></li>
	<li>Also get excusal slips from Slator. <strong>- Sam</strong></li>
	<li>Need to make and put up Mechmania posters – need to get permission.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Printing Allocation</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Need to talk to someone about getting money for printing (should be around $100)</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">T-shirt Design</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Karen will email people about submitting designs.</li>
	<li>Thinking about choosing a different color this time; also get a couple made for girls as well.</li>
</ul>