<p align="center"><strong>ACM EC Meeting 08/30/2013</strong></p>
<strong> </strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Student Involvement Expo</span></strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">

</span>
<ul>
	<li>We do have a spot out at the patio; will have electricity; bringing out the arcade. Requested spot in the shade.</li>
	<li>11 a.m. – 3 p.m. September 4<sup>th</sup>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Sam:</strong> 12 – 2;  <strong>Josh &amp; Karen:</strong> 11 -1; <strong>Brady:</strong> 1-3; <strong>Wei :</strong> 2-3</li>
	<li><strong>What are we bringing?</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Arcade (depends on weather)</li>
	<li>Computer science quizzes – free membership if all correct?
<ul>
	<li>Longer quiz, get them to stay longer</li>
	<li>Sam will write it.</li>
</ul>
</li>
	<li>Poster Board</li>
	<li>Pamphlets – need to update them.</li>
	<li>No candy</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
	<li><strong>Ice Cream Social</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Need a couple quarts of ice cream.
<ul>
	<li>1 quart Bison Crunch</li>
	<li>1 quart Cookies and Cream</li>
	<li>1 gallon Vanilla</li>
</ul>
</li>
	<li><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Wei will pick it up.</span></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"> </span>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Already planned Corporate Talks</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Microsoft -</strong> September 25<sup>th</sup> @ 6-8 p.m. in Van ES 101 {Requested Microphone}</li>
	<li><strong>FAST - </strong>September 4<sup>th</sup> @ 6-8 p.m. {Sam still needs to collect $ from them; hopefully IACC 104}<strong></strong></li>
</ul>
<strong> </strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Rush ACM</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Class room talks</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Make pamphlets to hand out.</li>
	<li>Need to talk to professors.</li>
	<li>Planning on <strong>September 9<sup>th</sup></strong> to do this ; <strong>Friday 13<sup>th</sup></strong>  -&gt; kickoff</li>
	<li>Need to reserve room for kickoff. { 6-7 p.m. w/ pizza}</li>
	<li>Next week we schedule speakers/classes/professors</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Pizza Situation</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Brady will call Deeks, Papa Johns, Dominos, and Spicy Pie to compare deals.<strong></strong></li>
</ul>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;"> </span></strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Tech Expo Breakfast</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Sam, Wei, Karen, Josh, Brady (maybe) will be attending.</li>
</ul>
<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">SIGS</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li><strong>SIG –COMP</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Digi-Key C3</li>
	<li>Mechmania</li>
	<li>ICPC</li>
	<li>MICS
<ul>
	<li>Wisconsin – conference and programming competition – new idea</li>
	<li>Career fair, technical session, banquet, robot something, competition, etc.</li>
	<li>It’s in April.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
	<li>Local Competition {Sam’s suggestion}
<ul>
	<li>Freshman/sophomore competition?</li>
	<li>Campus-wide</li>
</ul>
</li>
	<li>Nate said Abram won’t be hosting a competition this year.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;
<ul>
	<li><strong>SIG-GDEV</strong>
<ul>
	<li>TF/Cesar might be interested in taking over it.</li>
	<li>More towards developing game than just discussing them.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;
<ul>
	<li><strong>SIG-FIT</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Membership issues?</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;
<ul>
	<li><strong>SIG-SEC</strong>
<ul>
	<li>Josh will be in charge of it.</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Future EC Meetings</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li><strong>Mondays @ 2 p.m.</strong></li>
	<li>No school next Monday – will have meeting Wednesday @ 3-4 p.m. instead.</li>
</ul>
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"> </span>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Extended Council</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>Web Monkey, Office Manager, Minister of Propaganda, Historian, Social Chair</li>
	<li>Held nominations at meeting.</li>
	<li><strong style="font-size: 13px; line-height: 19px;">Results:</strong></li>
</ul>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"> - Zech chosen for <strong>Web monkey</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;">- TF chosen for <strong>Minster of Propaganda</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;">- Cesar chosen for <strong>Office Manager</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;">- Kyle chosen for <strong>Historian</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"><strong>- </strong>Nate chosen for<strong> Social Chair</strong></p>
<p style="padding-left: 60px;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;">** Need to ask Cesar if he wants to be Office Manager**</span></p>
<strong> </strong>

<strong><span style="text-decoration: underline;">Other ACM News:</span></strong>
<ul>
	<li>We might be able to tear down wall in ACM -- CS department considering it.</li>
	<li>Might have longer ACM.</li>
	<li>Sam’s going to try hard to get it done; maybe Microsoft will help pay?</li>
	<li>Hopefully going to have the photo gallery updated on ACM website sometime in the near future.</li>
</ul>
&nbsp;

&nbsp;

<strong>Next Meeting: Wednesday, September 4th @ 3 p.m.</strong>