<h2>Things To Talk About:</h2>

<ul>
<li>Defcon Reimbursements</li>
<li>MechMania Reimbursements</li>
<li>Contact Society of Women Engineers to see what they wanted</li>
<li>Halloween Party</li>
<li>ICPC</li>
<li>CampusLive</li>
</ul>

<h2>Things Talked About:</h2>

<ul>
<li>Campus Live

<ul>
<li>Asked us to help with a game night</li>
<li>wants the arcade cabinet</li>
<li>boxes for starcraft</li>
<li>super smash possibly</li>
<li>November 15 9pm-1am</li>
<li>Possibly the wellness center</li>
<li>Delta epsilon would help us possibly

<ul>
<li>interest in social with ACM</li>
<li>LAN Party maybe</li>
<li>could help stuff</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Need people to let them in at 9pm-ish</li>
<li>Need people to let them in at 1am-ish</li>
<li>look into a table, poster, or pamphlets</li>
<li>need to get arcade cabinet fixed</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Talk to kyle, can't leave pop out in the walk-ways

<ul>
<li>also put things away when purchased</li>
</ul></li>
<li>get rid of cans and bottles

<ul>
<li>talk to Allen</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Defcon reimbursements

<ul>
<li>still need to get done</li>
</ul></li>
<li>MechMania reimbursements

<ul>
<li>Waiting on one person, possibly kyle </li>
<li>People have will Wednesday to get receipts in before they must accept the diffence</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Society of Women Engineers

<ul>
<li>Some one needs to talk to them and send them their files from melt</li>
</ul></li>
<li>Halloween Party

<ul>
<li>7:00pm-ish</li>
<li>pot-luck</li>
<li></li>
</ul></li>
<li>ICPC

<ul>
<li>Practice Thursday Nov 6 start at 6th go for ~3 hours</li>
<li>Talk to Denton, Nate-o and Latimer to get PC^2 set up</li>
</ul></li>
</ul>