<h2>Meeting Notes:</h2>

<h2>Things to talk about:</h2>

<ul>
<li>Contradictions between officer info in dropbox constitution</li>
<li>Update pamphlets</li>
<li>quarum voting issue</li>
<li>Sigs formalization</li>
<li>NDACM-Log4Irc</li>
<li>Website Update</li>
<li>Photos</li>
<li>Home page content</li>
<li>Content to be added/removed</li>
<li>DEFCON</li>
<li>participant selection</li>
<li>Decreasing the number of participants</li>
<li>Change in allocated funds</li>
<li>Change transportation method</li>
<li>Calendar</li>
</ul>

Postponed issues:
- Pamplhet
- quarum voting issue
- sigs formalization

Contradictions between office info in dropbox consitution:
- who was in charge of doing the annual report
- report is the same as the annual financial report

Website/web stuff:
- list.nacm.org

DEFCON:
- applying for contingency funding
- possibiliy that no one would get funded
- otherwise funding would come from ACM activity funds

Fiscal Information:
- July 1st new fiscal year
- new records should start and and then
- TF is migrating to GNU Cash

Make a copy of the Filling cabinet key:
- Jordan will do it eventually

Dropbox changes:
- TF organized it

Mailing Lists:
- Are up and working