<p style="text-align: center;"><strong>TITLE ACM Meeting Minutes</strong></p>
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Competitions</strong></span></p>
* Friday - Sam will send out email about MICS programming competition registration
- Sam will talk to Dr. Slator and others for funding

&nbsp;
<p style="text-align: center;"><span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Corporate Talks</strong></span></p>
- Sam has talked to Simply Made Apps
- to contact
- Hitachi
- Microsoft
- Appareo
- NIST
- should compile list of others, send emails

&nbsp;
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>ski trip</strong></span></p>

- Rob: aren't those expensive?
- Nate is the guy to talk to
- Hopefully have this sometime soon.
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>SIGs</strong></span></p>
<strong></strong>
- SIG-Mobi
- Tuesdays @ 5p
- start next week
- Dr. Kotala has expressed interest
- SIG-GDev
- time not set yet
- people should fill out Doodle, deadline is this Friday
- SIG-Chix
- Megan Beret (former leader of SIG-Chix), in contact with Karen and Brooke
- need to gauge interest, respond to her
- Karen will talk to Stephanie, to publicize
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>nomenclature</strong></span></p>

- | s/'EC Meetings'/ACM Weekly Meetings'/gi &gt; more_welcome_meetings.txt
- Sam will invite all
- took a vote - Rob will be invited to all meetings
- actually, we have to let people be in the ACM, given our status
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>treasury update</strong></span></p>

- budget hearing next week on Tuesday, February 18th @ 5pm
- need to take pictures of the conditions of our chairs
- since we're asking for money to replace chairs
- need to verify the stuff we submitted in our proposal
- competitions
- audit update
- we need to submit bank statements
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>EC e</strong><strong>elections</strong></span></p>

- start thinking about
- will be hold these in April
- need to get nominations in
- people will give speeches, we vote, then we eat food
- Joe suggests Super Buffet instead of King House Buffet
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>ACM DB Update</strong></span></p>
&nbsp;
- synchronizes with mailman mailing lit
- people registered whenever they sign up for a SIG on the DB site
- can use in the future, instead of manually doing things
- new feature: adding events to Google Calendar
- Wei will send out email to those added to ACM DB
- they need to manually set new password
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>community service opportunity</strong></span></p>

- Wed, 12th (tomorrow) at 9:30
- contact Alisha in STARS if interested
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>science fair (forward to Sam)</strong></span></p>
<strong></strong>
- Southeast Regional Science &amp; Engineering Fair, Tuesday, March 18th, Bentson-Bunker Field House: 8:30 a.m. to 4:00 p.m
- will foward email to Sam
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>Cheney talks</strong></span></p>
<strong></strong>
- should contact soon, if still want to do this
- last year, gave talk in Mid-march (over spring break)
- STARS interested in collaborating again
<p style="text-align: center;">
<span style="text-decoration: underline;"><strong>CS faculty / employer breakfast</strong></span></p>

- 2/26 @ 9am
- 5 currently allotted for
- current EC members should probably go