Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Meeting Times
- ACM cleanup
- New receipt book
- Educational Events
- Membership forums
- Extened cabinet
- ACM promotions
- Kickoff Meeting
- Sigs
- ACM guidelines
- Org Fair
- Corporate talks
- HackISU

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Meeting Times
   - 5:30 pm tuesday's in the ACM

- ACM cleanup
   - removing old papers and folders
   - old records will need to be double checked on if we can remove them
   - kyle will look into the records

- New receipt book
   - Jordan needs a new receipt book
   - Josh will take care of it

- Educational Events
   - 1 educational event per month
   - Rebecca will do an event around the 23rd on source control

- Membership forums
   - will be unchanged

- Extened cabinet
   - Minister of propaganda - Ian
   - office manager - Brooke
   - webmonkey - vacant
   - social chair - vacant
   - historian - vacant
   - the positions that are vacant will stay that way until we have someone who wants the positions

- ACM promotions
   - EC will need to go to classes to talk about the ACM and hand out flyers
   - Jordan will figure out a full list of classes and email to JP later

- Kickoff Meeting
   - will be held at 6:30 p.m. september 3th
   - Josh will order pizza
   - normal cloths
   - people will need to make sig slides for the Kickoff meeting

- Sigs
   - Sigs and leaders
      - SigPony - JP
      - SigGDev - JP, Rebecca
      - Sig101 - Kyle
      - SigLinux - JP, Ian

- ACM guidelines
   - quite hours tuesday and thursday 1-3p.m.
   - we will be doing an experiment to see if the above times work

- Org Fair
   - registration will be handled by Rebecca and JP

- Corporate talks
   - fast enterprise wants to do an event but we didn't like their idea so we said they can pay us and do a corporate talk instead
   - Kyle will be making a corporate talk registration website

- Hacking Events
   - Jordan will respond to the email
   - we will be going to HackISU
   - Kyle and JP will be going to Digikey

- HackISU
   - the EC and 3 potential others will be going to see if it is worth sending more people to it
   - people going so far: JP, Jordan, Rebecca, Kyle, Josh, Amanda
   - 2 more slots which will be privately offered
   - Kyle needs to look into reservering hotel rooms
   - need to figure out how we are going to get there. will talk about it next week