<div class="entry-content">
<h2>Things to talk about:</h2>
<ul>
    <li>End of year report</li>
    <li>Tax Exempt Status</li>
    <li>Mic's Reimbursement</li>
    <li>Volunteer Network</li>
    <li>Mechmania Reimbursement</li>
    <li>Update Records</li>
    <li>Keys</li>
    <li>Bank</li>
    <li>Defcon</li>
    <li>Picnic</li>
</ul>

<h2>Things talked about:</h2>
<ul><li>End of year report<ul>
    <li>Rebecca has not finished it, she said she will get it done this weekend</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Tax Exempt Status<ul>
    <li>Apart of end of year report</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Mic's Reimbursement<ul>
    <li>Kyle will talk to Nate and Erik about getting receipts</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Volunteer Network<ul>
    <li>Nothing new talked about</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Mechmania Reimbursement<ul>
    <li>Certain people have still not picked up their checks</li>
    <li>JP will email the people that still need to pick up their checks</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Update Records<ul>
    <li>Doesn't need to be did with the school</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Keys<ul>
    <li>Previous EC will need to be tracked down to get their keys</li>
    <li>Current extended cabinet will need to be tracked need to be tracked down to get their keys</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Bank<ul>
    <li>The bank has been updated with the proper people that need access to it</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Defcon<ul>
    <li>Posponed until next weeks meeting</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Picnic<ul>
    <li>Food still needs to be purchased</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>
</div>