Things to talk about:
---------------------

- SIG GDev
- ACM bank account
- Hack-a-thon bank account
- yearly hand off
- Rebecca as vice chair
- Corp talk
- Joan looking for volunteers
- David Ball pizza reimbursement
- Hack-ISU reimbursement
- Mechmania
- Chairs
- Memberlist

Things talked about:
--------------------

- SIG GDev
   - student goverment said no
   - Rebecca will be looking for alternative funding

- ACM bank account
   - Rebecca is current owner and needs to be changed

- Hack-a-thon bank account
   - the account was successfully setup

- yearly hand off
   - taking people off the bank account should be added

- Rebecca as vice chair
   - she might need to take a break
   - may need to be replaced
   - she will tell us her updated status by the first day of school

- Corp talk
   - next thursday at 7:00 p.m.
   - Ian took care of posters
   - JP will send out email to anet
   - room has been reserved
   - kyle will take care of getting pizza

- Joan looking for volunteers
   - looking for teachers to teach students about code stuff
   - Jordan will print off document and background check
   - late January
   - Jordan will write it on the board

- David Ball pizza reimbursement
   - Kyle says we are good to go
   - Kyle will need to check the account

- Hack-ISU reimbursement
   - going straight to the bank account

- Mechmania
   - we got the reimbursement
   - we can starge giving out reimbursements
   - Kyle will check on the exact amount

- Chairs
   - Kyle merfeld sugested to check a surplus sale on friday
   - Jordan and Kyle will check the sale

- Memberlist
   - we updated the memberlist