Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Event Bank account
- David ball talk
- Hour of code
- Diversity
- SG Advertising
- Staff Survey
- Hack-a-thon
- SIG GDev
- Mailing List
- SIG Agendas

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Event bank account
   - for the upcomming hack-a-thon
   - Jordan will talk to Kyle since he is not currently at the meeting

- David ball talk
   - Ian is working on posters
   - Kyle got pizza and pop

- Hour of code
   - Jordan talk to joan about it
   - 2 dates
      - Nov 30th - Dec 4th
      - Jan 5th - 29th
   - will need some people to commit

- Diversity
   - Rebecca talk to joan
   - Rebecca hasn't did much with the list of people to contact
   - Girl development hasn't responded
   - Rebecca tried to talk to pride aliance

- SG Advertising
   - SG sent an email about a small board to advertise

- Staff Survey
   - We want to ask the CS deparment for a survery to ask what they think of the ACM and how we can improve
   - Jordan will look into it

- Hack-a-thon
   - Need a report to slator, EC will review it

- SIG GDev
   - Rebecca tried to request funding but forgot to send it
   - no meeting tomorrow

- SIG Dev
   - Starts tonight

- Mailing List
   - Only one mailing list for all SIGs

- SIG Agendas
   - SIGs need to send a 2 week report of what they plan to do

- 