Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Firecode
- Event bank account
- spend registartion money
- SIG GDev
- SIG Learn
- Pride aliance meeting
- Survey
- Mechmania
- Digikey
- Josh's Attendance
- ACM Food
- SIG Plans

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Firecode
   - facilities will be comming in to check the ACM
   - Jordan will clean up the ACM

- Event bank account
   - has been approved by the EC
   - Need a back account for the hack-a-thon
   - needs to be seperate from the ACM's account
   - talk to SG for event funds
   - need to have total expendatures
   - once we have event funding, we can setup bank account

- spend registartion money
   - can't release funds
   - Kyle will talk to SG
 
- SIG GDev
   - Rebecca submited agenda
   - havn't gotten a responds about funding
   - Rebecca will keep working on trying to get funding

- SIG Learn
   - Kyle doesn't have time to do it
   - Ian offered to talk on monday

- Pride aliance meeting
   - Rebecca meet with them
   - Rebecca will talk to them more
   - Rebecca will invite someone from pride aliance to the EC meeting

- Survey
   - will send out a survey to see what people think of us

- Mechmania
   - Kyle is still working on it

- Digikey
   - need to get recipts from clay

- Josh's Attendance
   - 3 strike system
   - currently on 2
   - might need to replace him

- ACM Food
   - Josh needs reciept for reimbursment

- SIG Plans
   - Email 2 week plans sent to Jordan
