<div class="entry-content">
<h2>Things to talk about:</h2>
<ul>
    <li>Mic's Reimbursement</li>
    <li>End of Year Report and Budget</li>
    <li>Def Con</li>
    <li>ACM Forum</li>
    <li>ACM Room</li>
    <li>Summer Meetings</li>
    <li>ACM Room</li>
    <li>Extended Cabinet</li>
</ul>

<h2>Things talked about:</h2>
<ul><li>Mic's Reimbursement<ul>
    <li>Eric and Nate still need to get their reimbursement</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>End of Year Report and Budget<ul>
    <li>Currently the end of year report can't be filled out until the budge is finalized</li>
    <li>June 30th is the deadline for the end of year report</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Mic's Reimbursement<ul>
    <li>Eric and Nate still need to get their reimbursement</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Def Con<ul>
    <li>We will only be going if get a contingency request for more money since with the current budget we can only support very few people</li>
    <li>Kyle will be taking care of the request</li>
    <li>If we are going, then we will need some EC to chaperone</li>
    <li>JP, Kyle, and Josh will be going as chaperones</li>
    <li>We will need to be upfront about the price and that the people going will need to pay out of pocket and may not be reimbursed</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>ACM Forum<ul>
    <li>Jordan created a forum for the ACM</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Summer Meetings<ul>
    <li>Next week there will be a non mandatory meeting</li>
    <li>May 28th at 5:30 pm will be the first summer meeting using Skype</li>
    <li>The next meeting time will be set at the first summer meeting</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>ACM Room<ul>
    <li>There are some concerns with the current layout of the room which will need to be addressed next time the room is rearranged</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

<ul><li>Extended Cabinet<ul>
    <li>We will need some system to keep them accountable</li>
</ul>
</ul>
</li>

</div>