Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Meeting times
- Mics Reimbursement
- National Membership
- Hack-a-thon
- Website
- Form

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Meeting times
    - Next Thursdays meeting with be at 6:00 PM
    - We will need to discuss if the time choosen will work
    
- Mics Reimbursement
    - Rebecca got recipts and is good to go
    
- National Membership
    - Everyone needs to subscribe
    - JP and Kyle still need to register
    - Need to talk to Slator about being advisor
    
- Hack-a-thon
    - We will be doing a hack-a-thon
    - It will be centered around creating a game
    - It will Follow the successful SIG G Dev style
    - Have 1 or 2 frameworks pre set, but we won't be limiting it to them
    - We will be iniviting other colleges to the competition
    - Jordan will be making some deadlines. Preferably before the second week of August.
    
- Website
    - Looks terriable
    - Jordan and JP will be revising it
    
- Form
    - We will be keeping the form around for now
    - Jordan will take it down if it doesn't get any use
