Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Meeting times
- Mics Reimbursement
- National Membership
- Hack-a-thon
- Website
- Form
- Sigs

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Meeting times
    - Next Thursdays meeting with be at 6:00 PM
    - We will need to discuss if the time choosen will work

- Mics Reimbursement
    - Rebecca got recipts and is good to go

- National Membership
    - Everyone needs to subscribe
    - JP and Kyle still need to register
    - Need to talk to Slator about being advisor

- Hack-a-thon
    - We will be doing a hack-a-thon
    - Basically a larger version of the traditional SIG-GDev game dev competition
    - It will be centered around creating a game
    - It will Follow the successful SIG G Dev style
    - Have 1 or 2 frameworks pre set, but we won't be limiting it to them
        - Game Maker
        - Pygame platformer (or other) boot strap
    - We will be iniviting other colleges to the competition
    - Jordan will be making some deadlines. To have a bunch of stuff done before the second week of August or it's off.

- Website
    - Looks terrible
    - Jordan and JP will be revising it

- Forum
    - We will be keeping the forum around for now
    - Jordan will take it down if it doesn't get any use

- Sigs
    - Sig G Dev will be run by JP and Rebecca
