Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Mechmania
- HackIllinois
- Tri-College Hack-a-thon
- Hack ISU reimbursement
- SIG GDev competition
- Digikey
- T-shirts
- Corporate events
- Halloween party

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Mechmania
   - Kyle will talk to SG for reimbursement

- HackIllinois
   - Kyle will get information about the event
   - JP will send email next week about the event

- Tri-College Hack-a-thon
   - Ian will be the head of the commite for it
   - JP will send out an email about getting people to help
   - Kyle will get sponsors

- Hack ISU reimbursement
   - Jordan and Kyle are working on it
   - Currently waiting on them

- SIG GDev competition
   - Will be held on Saturday from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.
   - JP will send out an email about it
   - ACM may pay for the pizza
   - SIG GDev owes cole a flash drive

- Digikey
   - JP will not be able to go
   - Will need to find replcaments
   - JP will contact Kyle Merfeld
   - Matt might have someone that can go

- T-shirts
   - Will need to send out order forums
   - Will need to get someone to design the shirt

- Corporate events
   - Kyle and Ian will send out emails to get companies
   - Rebecca will coordinate sending out emails

- Halloween party
   - Will be held on Friday at 6:00 p.m.
   - Rebecca will head planning
   - Brooke will most likely plan the decorations
   - Maby have pizza