Things to talk about:
---------------------

- SIG Women
- SIG GDev
- Josh Philipy's meeting attendance
- Diversity Update
- SIG Plans
- ndacm.org
- David Ball's Talk
- SIG attendance
- Mechmania

Things talked about:
--------------------

- SIG Women
   - Megan wants to start a SIG
   - SIG Women instead of SIG Chix
   - most likely happening next semester

- SIG GDev
   - Rebecca submited a request to student goverment for money

- Josh Philipy's meeting attendance
   - he hasn't been showing up
   - JP will contact him about it
   - next week we will vote for him to stay in office
   - possible replacements: Ian or Matt

- ACM costco membership
   - the main question was is it worth it which was not answered during the meeting

- Diversity Update
   - Rebecca and Jordan couldn't get ahold of Joan
   - Jordan will email her
   - Rebecca tried to contact girl development but was unsuccessful

- SIG Plans
   - SIG Learn
      - kyle doesnt know
   - SIG GDev
      - Rebecca sent email
   - SIG Linux
      - make a distro

- ndacm.org
   - currently down and needs to be fixed

- David Ball's Talk
   - Kyle will talk to department for money
   - 12th of November at 7:00 p.m.
   - JP will request room

- SIG attendance
   - SIG Learn
      - Kyle forgot
   - SIG GDev
      - Rebecca submited form
   - SIG Linux
      - JP forgot

- Mechmania
   - Kyle still working on it