Things to talk about:
---------------------

- ACM Website
- Blade Server
- SIG Women
- SIG Dev
- SIG Agendas
- SIG GDev
- T Shirts
- Diversity
- Hack-a-thon
- Mechmania
- Josh's attendance
- Meeting times

Things talked about:
--------------------

- ACM Website
   - still not fixed
   - Jordan will look into

- Blade Server
   - Ian is donating a blade server to the ACM

- SIG Women
   - Kickoff Dec 3rd
   - offically aproved by EC

- SIG Dev
   - conflicting times with SIG Py
   - going to not change times

- SIG Agendas
  - JP will sound out email with SIG Agendas

- SIG GDev
   - competition on saturday
   - Rebecca will send out email about it

- T Shirts
   - no money for it currently

- Diversity
   - Rebecca contacted girl deveopment
   - Rebecca will talk to Joan

- Mechmania
   - Kyle only got $26
   - Kyle will continue working on it

- Hack-a-thon
   - there is a hack-a-thon going on this weekend

- Josh's attendance
   - going to have to find someone else if he dones't show up

- Meeting times
   - are at 5:30 p.m.