Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Meeting Times
- Large Group
- Forums
- Bowling night
- HackISU
- Mechmania
- GameJam

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Meeting Times
   - may need to move the meeting because Rebecca might want to attend Anime Club

- Large Group
   - Rebecca, Kyle, Jordan need to attend the meeting at 6:45 PM on Thursday

- Forums
   - Hasn't had much use, Jordan will shut it down if it doesn't get any use
   - We will not be talking about essentials conversations over the forums
   - Sub categories for each SIG will need to be created

- Bowling night
   - Will be talked about at a later date

- HackISU
   - Kyle got an email saying that we can get $200 reimbursement for travel

- Mechmania
   - First week of october 2nd-4th
   - Need to start promoting it imediately
   - 21 people, 7 teams
   - 1 van with 15 people and 2 cars
   - Kyle will need to reserve a van
   - Sign up's will be on the ACM whiteboard
   - JP will need to send out an email promoting it
   - Strick sign up date by september 28th
   - Kyle will need to reserve hotel rooms

- GameJam
   - Due september 24th
   - Have a lot of things that still need to be done