## Things to talk about ##

suggestion box
budgetmechmania
fast corp talk sept 27th
talk with dean
	- maverick software corp talk
	
	- getting in contact with corps
	
cs breakfast
starting SIGS
Digikey
Large group meeting
Org meeting


## Things we talked about ##

suggestion box
	- lan party
	
		- tabled till after mechmania
		
	- game night
	
		- ec cant commit right now
		
	- request for coke (pop) and forks

budget
	- official meeting tommarow at 5:50
	
	- nate has not talked to slater about finances
	
	- the dean wants to talk about the budget
	
		- we probably dont have money
		
	- the events we are going to
	
		- mechmania
		
		- MICS
		
		- minne Hack
		
		- digi-key (21th of Oct)
		
		- Arch Hack
		
		- reflections projections


mechmania
	- money due tuesday (sept 19th)
	
	things that need to be done by next week

		- jordan will look into the van
		
		- rebekah will look into getting 3 hotels
		
			- we need hotels 

fast corp talk
	- sep 27th
	
	- 2 weeks away


talk with the dean
	- we probably wont have a corp talk with maverick, at least imediatly
	
	- the dean sent us a company to do a corp talk
	
	- maverick is sponsoring the job fair cs breakfast


cs breakfast 
	- ec and jacob seem to be going
	
 		- nate might come

starting sigs
	- time availiable due next week

digikey
	- we get 2 teams of 4
	
	- entry deadline is 3:00 sept 30

large group meeting
	- event on food technically requires food insurence
	
	- everyone going to an event needs to fill out a liability consent form


org hosting
	- increase cost of hosting to $50

	
corp talks
	- we need to advertise them better
	
	- fast email before this friday and one the day of

## Tabled for next week ##
mechmania group meal location
board game night and lan party
increasing cost of corp talks
	- we dont make much at all after pizza


	

		

