2016-08-17

- We designed the basics of a poster for the Org fair and one for our door

- We planned out our new pamphlet for handing out to new users

- implement a $5 deposit on credit system

- Have people tell us SIGs they are interested in when signing up for ACM membership

- We need to try and be more Aggressive with Corp talks
	- try for two a month
	- send out monthly emails to Corps asking them to give talks
	- FAST wants to orginize a resume review
	- Jordan will ask when to FAST wants to have a Corp talk 

- Matt will ask what formats the print shop accepts and how long a print job takes

- Fix the budget

- Jordan will send out a survey to determine the time of future EC meetings 

- check in meeting 5:30 thursday. should only be 20 minutes
	- have rebekah show us how to see the bank account balence
	- decide classes to go to for next week


- univ 189 classes wed and friday 
	- We need two people for each of these
	- 8:40 am
	- 2:40 pm
	- 3:00 pm

- Sigs
	- We will try doing 1 EC for each sig.
	- All main sigs need to be declared by next thursday
	- This way we can talk about them at the Org fair

- Kickoff meeting
	- Sept 8th
	- Power Point needs to be done and finalise at least two days before


- Jordan will look into getting a microwave


