Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Meeting time
- Hack-Illinoi
- Kickoff meeting
- SIGs
- Hack-a-thon
- Chairs
- Award certificates
- Harvey Server
- Leaving door open


Things talked about:
--------------------

- Meeting time
   - 5:00 P.M. on Thursdays

- Hack-Illinoi
   - Kyle got email about asking if we wanted to go
   - Feb 19th - 21st
   - JP will send out an email
   - Will go if we get atleast 10 people

- Kickoff meeting
   - Next Thursday
   - need to go to classes to get instructors onboard
   - JP will reserve room - 7:00 P.M.
   - pizza through deeks

- SIGs
   - SIGs and Leaders
   - SIG Learn
      - Kyle Ryan
   - SIG Python
       - Kyle Ryan
       - Jordan
   - SIG GDev
      - JP
      - Rebecca
   - SIG Linux
      - JP
      - Kyle Merfeld
    - SIG HPC
      - Kyle Merfeld
    - SIG Dev
      - JP
      - Matt
   - SIG Leaders come up with a blurb of what they will do

- Hack-a-thon
   - Matt will talk to Ian by tommorrow

- Chairs
   - $500 budget
   - Kyle will confirm amount
   - Walmart has %55 chairs
   - Will get the chairs from Walmart after Kyle confirms budget

- Award certificates
   - Jordan will get hoks to hang them on the wall

- Harvey Server
   - We got a server rack
   - The server is currently being setup
   - Some people are complaining about the ambient noise
   - if the server cant be made quiter, will have to come in and turn it on instead of 24/7

- Leaving door open
   - This morning at 4.A.M. the door was left open
   - Need to make sure that the door is always closed