Things to talk about:
---------------------

- meeting times
- bbq
- MICS
- Bank Meeting
- Decor/Paint
- National Membership
- swap phone numbers

Things talked about:
--------------------

- The new ec for 2016-2017
	- chair: Jordan
	- vice-chair: Matt Fevold
	- treasurer: Rebecca Nelson
	- secretart: Kyle Merfeld
	- member at large: Nate Spanier

- meeting times
	- we will keep meeting times at 7:00 thursday

- bbq
	- location: island park	
	- date: may 7th at noon
	- we need to invite people
	- we need food, hambergers and hotdogs


- acm calender
	- we decided to start using a acm calender
	- secretary will maintain it
	- jordan will look into adding the calender to the website

- misc
	- the ec will not meet over the weekend of mics (april 21-23)
	- we leave by 4pm on the 21st
	- jordan will ask for letters from slater
	- the ec will ask for $35 from each member attending mics for hotel and gas

- bank meeting
	- matthew, jordan, rebecca will go to the bank and remove kyle ryan and phillippy
	from the bank account
	- matthew needs to be added
	- jordan and matthew need to be added as owners
	- rebecca is currently an owner
	- they will go wednesday (13th)

- decor / paintings
	- brooke talked to carol about painting the ACM,
	carol refered her to call someone at facilities.
	we might need to pay them.
	- if we can paint it, what color?
	- matt will look into getting our printing card.
	with the printing card we will get a poster for outside qbb 162

- National membership
	- the new ec needs to become national members of the ACM

- extended ec
	- Brooke will be the maid
	- JP will be the minister of propoganda for the remainder of the semester.
	

