Things to talk about:
---------------------

- Bylaw
- MIC's
- Adding Bylaw
- SIG GDev
- Finace hearing
- Setting EC elections
- Chairs purchase
- Meeting time
- Cooperate talks
- ACM posters
- IBM speaker

Things talked about:
--------------------

- Bylaw
   - Rebecca came up with a bylaw which has been approved

- MIC's
   - need to start planning for it
   - start next week
   - Kyle Ryan, JP, Jordan, Kyle Merfeld currently going
   - University of North Iowa
   - April 22-23
   - might go and talk to classrooms
   - Jordan will look into cap on people that can attend

- Adding Bylaw
   - Need to add to dropbox and website

- SIG GDev
   - Rebecca will be currently sponsoring it
   - competition this Saturday
   - Rebecca might be able to get reimbusement
   - final competition on April 30th - May 1st

- Finace hearing
   - Kyle went to talk to finace people but they told him to send an email
   - Kyle will continue working on it

- Setting EC elections
   - will need to help people get into positions
   - Kyle will help the next treasurer as much as possible
   - 31st of March at 6:00 P.M.
   - sign up for possitions on the board, try and email it
   - one talk no matter what position
   - need to figure out where we are eating after
   - JP and Jordan will send out an email about the elections

- Chairs purchase
   - possibly getting 1 new chair and 2 new tables
   - Jordan will hold off until Kyle has figured out budget

- Meeting time
   - changed to 5:30 P.M. Thursdays

- Cooperate talks
   - need to get a formal email
   - companies could possibly get a poster in the ACM if they paid an extra $50
   - need to contact airforce

- ACM posters
   - keep up Mathematica poster
   - remove infinite loop poster

- IBM speaker
   - they want us to spread the word about the speaker
   - April 12-13th
   - more infomration will be provided at a later date
