# What We're Going Over:
- Recruitment/Kickoff
- New Member Forms
- SIGs
- Mechmania
- Fast Enterprises
- Bank Account
- Keys and Room Responsibility

# What We Went Over:

- Constitution
    - May send out poll via mass email to get feedback on the change
    - Should meet 50% participation requirement

- Reimbursements
    - Most of the money has been deposited, some remaining
    - 6 people still do not have theirs
    - Spencer will need to handle reimbursements as Sean does not yet have access to the bank account

- Bank Account/Debt Board Status
    - Currently contacting those owed, awaiting replies

- SIGs
    - Sean's script organized the interest forms
    - Need to determine availability for SIG Linux, Chris willing to assist
    - SIG Git will be lead by Sean October 7, 5:00 PM, determine future dates based on feedback
    - SIG GDev will likely be in Godot on Tuesdays or Thursdays 5:00-6:00, but asking availability first 
    - Need to determine availability for SIG Study as well

- FAST Talk
    - Was successful with reasonably strong attendance

- Keys
    - Going to discuss key transfer with Dr. Denton

- Food/Sam's Club Membership
    - Still needs to be renewed

- Bank Account - $557.24

# To Accomplish By Next Meeting: 
- Transfer bank account access 
- Prepare for SIGs
- Renew Sam's Club membership

# Next Meeting:
- Reimbursements
- Constitution
- Bank Account
- Debt Board Status
- SIGs
